#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
absl-py==1.4.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-metadata
    #   tensorflow-transform
    #   tfx-bsl
apache-beam[gcp]==2.53.0
    # via
    #   tensorflow-transform
    #   tfx-bsl
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
cachetools==5.3.2
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-auth
certifi==2023.11.17
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
cloudpickle==2.2.1
    # via apache-beam
crcmod==1.7
    # via apache-beam
deprecated==1.2.14
    # via google-cloud-spanner
dill==0.3.1.1
    # via apache-beam
dnspython==2.5.0
    # via pymongo
docopt==0.6.2
    # via hdfs
fastavro==1.9.3
    # via apache-beam
fasteners==0.19
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-apitools
flatbuffers==23.5.26
    # via tensorflow
gast==0.5.4
    # via tensorflow
google-api-core[grpc]==2.15.0
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
    #   google-cloud-bigtable
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-datastore
    #   google-cloud-dlp
    #   google-cloud-language
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-pubsublite
    #   google-cloud-recommendations-ai
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-spanner
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-cloud-videointelligence
    #   google-cloud-vision
google-api-python-client==1.12.11
    # via tfx-bsl
google-apitools==0.5.31
    # via apache-beam
google-auth==2.27.0
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-httplib2==0.1.1
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-api-python-client
google-auth-oauthlib==1.2.0
    # via tensorboard
google-cloud-aiplatform==1.40.0
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-bigquery==3.17.1
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
google-cloud-bigquery-storage==2.24.0
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-bigtable==2.22.0
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-core==2.4.1
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-bigtable
    #   google-cloud-datastore
    #   google-cloud-spanner
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-datastore==2.19.0
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-dlp==3.14.0
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-language==2.12.0
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-pubsub==2.19.0
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-cloud-pubsublite
google-cloud-pubsublite==1.9.0
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-recommendations-ai==0.10.6
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-resource-manager==1.11.0
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-cloud-spanner==3.41.0
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-storage==2.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
google-cloud-videointelligence==2.12.0
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-vision==3.5.0
    # via apache-beam
google-crc32c==1.5.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
google-resumable-media==2.7.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos[grpc]==1.62.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
    #   tensorflow-metadata
grpc-google-iam-v1==0.13.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigtable
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-spanner
grpcio==1.60.0
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-pubsublite
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-serving-api
grpcio-status==1.48.2
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-pubsublite
h5py==3.10.0
    # via tensorflow
hdfs==2.7.3
    # via apache-beam
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-apitools
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   oauth2client
idna==3.6
    # via requests
js2py==0.74
    # via apache-beam
jsonpickle==3.0.2
    # via apache-beam
jsonschema==4.21.1
    # via apache-beam
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
keras==2.15.0
    # via tensorflow
libclang==16.0.6
    # via tensorflow
markdown==3.5.2
    # via tensorboard
markupsafe==2.1.4
    # via werkzeug
ml-dtypes==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
numpy==1.24.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   apache-beam
    #   h5py
    #   ml-dtypes
    #   opt-einsum
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   shapely
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-transform
    #   tfx-bsl
oauth2client==4.1.3
    # via google-apitools
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
objsize==0.6.1
    # via apache-beam
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via tensorflow
orjson==3.9.12
    # via apache-beam
overrides==7.7.0
    # via google-cloud-pubsublite
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   tensorflow
pandas==1.5.3
    # via tfx-bsl
proto-plus==1.23.0
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
    #   google-cloud-bigtable
    #   google-cloud-datastore
    #   google-cloud-dlp
    #   google-cloud-language
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-recommendations-ai
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-spanner
    #   google-cloud-videointelligence
    #   google-cloud-vision
protobuf==3.20.3
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
    #   google-cloud-bigtable
    #   google-cloud-datastore
    #   google-cloud-dlp
    #   google-cloud-language
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-recommendations-ai
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-spanner
    #   google-cloud-videointelligence
    #   google-cloud-vision
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-metadata
    #   tensorflow-serving-api
    #   tensorflow-transform
    #   tfx-bsl
pyarrow==10.0.1
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   tensorflow-transform
    #   tfx-bsl
pyarrow-hotfix==0.6
    # via apache-beam
pyasn1==0.5.1
    # via
    #   oauth2client
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.3.0
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   oauth2client
pydot==1.4.2
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   tensorflow-transform
pyjsparser==2.7.1
    # via js2py
pymongo==4.6.1
    # via apache-beam
pyparsing==3.1.1
    # via
    #   httplib2
    #   pydot
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   pandas
pytz==2023.4
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   pandas
referencing==0.33.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2023.12.25
    # via apache-beam
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   hdfs
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rpds-py==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   oauth2client
shapely==2.0.2
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-apitools
    #   google-pasta
    #   hdfs
    #   js2py
    #   oauth2client
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via google-cloud-spanner
tensorboard==2.15.1
    # via tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.2
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.15.0.post1
    # via
    #   tensorflow-serving-api
    #   tensorflow-transform
    #   tfx-bsl
tensorflow-estimator==2.15.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.35.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-metadata==1.14.0
    # via
    #   tensorflow-transform
    #   tfx-bsl
tensorflow-serving-api==2.14.1
    # via tfx-bsl
tensorflow-transform==1.14.0
    # via -r requirements.in
termcolor==2.4.0
    # via tensorflow
tfx-bsl==1.14.0
    # via tensorflow-transform
typing-extensions==4.9.0
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   tensorflow
tzlocal==5.2
    # via js2py
uritemplate==3.0.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.1.0
    # via requests
werkzeug==3.0.1
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.42.0
    # via astunparse
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via
    #   deprecated
    #   tensorflow
zstandard==0.22.0
    # via apache-beam

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
